Client-Side Errors (4xx)

    400 Bad Request: The server could not understand the request due to invalid syntax. This might be due to malformed request data.
    401 Unauthorized: Authentication is required and has failed or has not yet been provided.
    403 Forbidden: The server understood the request, but it refuses to authorize it. This might happen if the user does not have the necessary permissions.
    404 Not Found: The server can't find the requested resource. This could be due to an incorrect endpoint.
    405 Method Not Allowed: The request method is not supported for the requested resource. For example, using POST when only GET is allowed.
    406 Not Acceptable: The requested resource is capable of generating only content not acceptable according to the Accept headers sent in the request.
    408 Request Timeout: The server timed out waiting for the request.
    409 Conflict: The request could not be processed because of conflict in the request, such as an edit conflict between multiple simultaneous updates.
    413 Payload Too Large: The request entity is larger than the server is willing or able to process.
    415 Unsupported Media Type: The request entity has a media type which the server or resource does not support.
    422 Unprocessable Entity: The request was well-formed but was unable to be followed due to semantic errors (often used in APIs to indicate validation errors).
    429 Too Many Requests: The user has sent too many requests in a given amount of time ("rate limiting").

Server-Side Errors (5xx)

    500 Internal Server Error: The server has encountered a situation it doesn't know how to handle.
    501 Not Implemented: The request method is not supported by the server and cannot be handled.
    502 Bad Gateway: The server, while acting as a gateway or proxy, received an invalid response from the upstream server.
    503 Service Unavailable: The server is not ready to handle the request. Common causes are a server that is down for maintenance or that is overloaded.
    504 Gateway Timeout: The server, while acting as a gateway or proxy, did not get a response in time from the upstream server.
    507 Insufficient Storage: The server is unable to store the representation needed to complete the request.